hello you two hi my name is LaToya this
will be my first tutorial what I'm going
to be showing you today is how to attach
lace wig no I had started it started
this and kind of messed up so I'm going
to do it over here for you now what you
want to do is first of all you want to
clean your forehead this is seventy
percent alcohol some people use 99 or
ninety nine percent for what I have my
seven one person and you want clean for
a head really it because it's really
important and I've already wash
conditioning wrap my hair underneath and
they have a brown wig cap here some
people like to use black white cap let
me tell you something about that
blackwood caps are not the best thing to
use is because when making put it on
your last week having a realistic scalp
oh that something more transparent or to
your skin tone works a little better so
what we're going to do now is I'm going
to take my blue I don't have any skin
protector after that I haven't found to
glue that irritates my skin yet so I I
don't have that I don't use it but for
you that do you can do that just take
this here and what I'm using is the
cilantro 30 second this is the extreme
hole they do have daily hold of this big
straight and you just wanna
chukwu here Walsh on the glue there just
take it
apply
here
really really really good hair sticking
up here and everywhere tried to boom do
but you just want to take your gun put
it at the edge here but like I was
saying before if you do choose there's
nothing wrong with the black wig cap
it's just with some lace wigs I found
that the black doesn't show the part
good so to me for me or something that's
more of your skin tone you can get this
is actually knee high beautiful night it
so we're gonna lau this to dry for a
second and i'm going to allow this to
dry and then I'll be right back to show
you the attached